c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\bin\Debug\ProjectEvolution.Droid.dll
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\bin\Debug\ProjectEvolution.Droid.pdb
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\bin\Debug\ProjectEvolution.Droid.apk
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\bin\Debug\ProjectEvolution.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\bin\Debug\ProjectEvolution.dll
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\bin\Debug\ProjectEvolution.pdb
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\obj\Debug\ProjectEvolution.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\monoandroidsplash.png
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\obj\Debug\ProjectEvolution.Droid.dll
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\obj\Debug\ProjectEvolution.Droid.pdb
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\ProjectEvolution.Droid.apk
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\bin\Debug\ProjectEvolution.dll.mdb
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\obj\Debug\ProjectEvolution.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\Users\KCO3480\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution\ProjectEvolution.Droid\bin\Debug\ProjectEvolution.Droid.dll.mdb
